Add automatic generation of conda binary packages for Windows, macOS and Linux in robotology channel (#652)
robotology/robotology-superbuild: doc/developers-faqs.md

* If instead the package is not part of conda-forge, then it is appropriate to generate a binary package as part of the `robotology` channel, providing the following CMake options in the `Build<pkg>.cmake` file:

| Variable | Meaning | Default Value |
|:--------:|:-------:|:--------------:|
| `<pkg>_CONDA_PKG_NAME`  | The name that will be used for the conda package name. The convention is to use lowercase names separated by dashes. | The name of the github repo of the package. | 
| `<pkg>_CONDA_DEPENDENCIES` | The list of conda-forge dependencies required by this package. Note that dependencies managed by the robotology-superbuild should not be listed, as those are handled automatically. | The default value is empty. |

For any doubt, double check the existing `Build<pkg>.cmake` files for inspiration.

> * If your package needs to set or modify some environment variables to work correctly, it should provide a pair [multisheller](https://github.com/wolfv/multisheller) scripts name `<condaPkgName>_activate.msh` and `<condaPkgName>_activate.msh` in the `conda/multisheller` directory to describe how the environment should be modified, see the existing scripts for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your package needs to set or modify some environment variables to work correctly, it should provide a pair of [multisheller](https://github.com/wolfv/multisheller) scripts named `<condaPkgName>_activate.msh` and `<condaPkgName>_deactivate.msh` in the `conda/multisheller` directory to describe how the environment should be modified. Refer to the existing scripts for more details.
```

> ## How ofter are conda binary packages generated?

Reviewer 2: ofter -> often

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/robotology/robotology-superbuild/pull/652/commits/cfe30cd2c9ff38a17e589b371d830634f0417c47 .
